hi you two this bama go natural I had a
question while based on how to detangle
natural hair and I haven't I did the
video but I'm doing it again um because
everybody cannot afford the precious
that I you so i'ma show you with the
other brushes first to detangle your
hair okay this is my hair after a twist
out so how would I detangle this I would
definitely get some plain water spray my
hair I then I would let this sit on my
hair I will not touch that one let it
sit on my hair for like five we're
really three to five minutes and then I
would spray it again okay so then when
your hair is there you're feeling your
arm hair will soak it up it will be damp
oh they will not be sitting on your hair
so ok so my hair Pam so these two
brushes I use with a wide tooth comb so
this is the chief of this is not a
dollar I know yeah i saw these questions
before this about a dollar um any kind
of brush with bristles you need to use
these not bristles I mean on the teeth
Senate okay you could like I say you
could eat a go there's a regular bristle
branch first we need your education
center in Moss Point Mississippi okay
and then you could say his office
responded by sustained product in their
CPU yes found out okay so you don't
really need these brushes it just any
another with a home this Bishop work you
can put this off just keep Russia then
you can use any tea hey calm it out so
it doesn't matter woodbridge you just
don't have to have the car now the Demi
brush to detangle your hair where um you
have no outras are pull any strings out
okay my thing was I don't shed
that much I some people have a handful
of hair and like oh this is no I
have a few strings coming on my hair
that's why my hair is so thick it
healthy looking because I don't pull my
hair out